What is a Class and what is an Object?
class is a bleuprint of an object , contain the variables and define the behavior of an object .
object is instance of a class . 

What is a constructor and what are their types ?
is a special method that is used to initialize objects.
default constructor without any parameters , and Parameterized constructor with parameters or arguments . 

Write the code for a public default constructor for a class called " Office "

public Office (){
// body
}

What does the implements keyword do?
implements interface

What three places is the final keyword used in?

class , method , attribute .

Name the 4 concepts of object-oriented Programming
encapsulation , abstraction , inheritance ,polymorphism .

What is the first thing that runs when a class is instantiated?
constructor .

a) when a method is overloaded ,is it in the same class,or a different class? b) can it have the same Parameters
same class .
should have different number or type of parameters.

What is the different between Interface & Abstract ?

abstract has variables , also could may have or not has abstract methods , could has constructor , also we can implement only one abstract class .
interface has only abstract method , and could not be instanciaited , and we can implement many interfaces on the same class.

what does the void keyword mean? Where is it used??
void means the method will not return any value ,
mostly use on main function , or for execution code withoud a need of a return value ;

What is overloading? How is it done?
overloading is when we create methods on the same class with different type or number of parametres ;

How do you override a static method in java?
we cant override a static methode in java .

Write a for each loop(also called Enhanced for loop)Which iterates over a collection called “allVehicles” which contains objects of type “Vehicle”.

        for (vehicle v : allVehicles) {
            System.out.println("Item: " + v);
        } 
 

a)What are access modifiers in Java? b)What is the difference between a local variable and an instance variable?

public , protected , default , private .
local variable is the variable declared inside a method,
instance variable is the class attribute .


a) Differentiate between the constructors and methods in Java? b)What is the difference between this() and super() in Java?
constructor has the same name of the class and public , the methode should have a different name than the class and any access modifiers type .
this refer to the same class and super refer to the parent .

What is method overloading and method overriding?With Example Program

overloading same method with different parametres ,
public void exp(){
}

public void exp(String word){
}

overriding is the same method with same signature and different body .

public int exp(int a){
 return a+1;
}

public void exp(int a ){
 return a;
}



